Conner Knight: connerk, Evan Blajev: eblajev, Julius Christenson: juliusc, Jacob Ward: jward23, Sarah Zhou: sarahsz

Week 8 Status Report

Last Week’s Goals:
Do large scale tests to analyze accuracy, precision and runtime of our tool for larger projects of varying commit sizes
Possibly add functionality to our tool to allow for different build systems
Allow the user to complete these tests and produce the output themselves

Progress From This Week:

We tried running our tool on large scale tests but ran into a problem with how long our tool was taking to run. 
We waited 3 hours for our tool to finish, and ended up getting no results. 
We did set up the capability for tables and graphs to be created given the diff from our tool and the expected diff, 
which we can use to create accuracy, precision,and timing tables and graphs. We were not able to create these 
tables in graphs though because our tool took too much time to run, this is because of the exponential nature of our delta tool, 
which caused huge increases in runtime for our tool. We are prioritizing figuring how ways to fix this. 

The main thing we are going to try to do is run delta based on the diff instead of on the entire file. 
The diff will be in general by smaller than the whole file. We are also looking at decreasing the granularity to instead of looking 
at adding and removing single lines from the file we chunk together lines, which we expect will reduce runtime quite a bit. 
This will hopefully get us back on track, and enable us to get some experiments completed. 
The tradeoff here will be accuracy since we are using chunks instead of lines so this will include a things that are not pertinent 
to the bug fix.


Future Plan:
Next Week:
Get delta to work on hunks of the diff instead of lines of the file
Run evaluation on many projects in defects4j and get results
Write tests for the delta debugging tool and integration tests for commit-min

Long Term:
Consider using something other then maven for delta to get a faster running time by only recompiling the files that need to be recompiled.

Agenda:
Talk about possible other tools we should possibly be considering for speeding up
Discuss Defects4j, and problems with it
	



