Section 1 - Goals from a week ago:
None - did not submit individual report for Week 2

Section 2 - Progress I've Made This Week:
Our group met up to discuss the feedback we had gotten from our Project 2 Pitch.
We decided to look into tools that may potentially help us with our project, and to ensure we were not reinventing the wheel.
Essentially, we split up the group to each analyze one of the tools we found and see if it would be potentially useful for our project.
Originally I was planning to analyze with my teammate the tool MOSS, or MOJI: https://github.com/nordicway/moji
This is a plagiarism detection tool that we are hoping will help us find refactors of code.
To do this, we will compare two versions of code. Me and one of my teammates have both previously taken CSE 444 here and have two different versions of a SimpleDB project.

We are meetingt up later today to compare our code with multiple plagarism detection algorithms, and see how it detects based on two different people's source code. Additionally, we are planning to refactor some of our code and them compare how it detects changes that are true refactors.

Unfortunately, we found that MOSS was only run on a remote server. Thus, when we meet up today, we will be researching new tools that we will be testing to help us with detecting refactors vs. different code. The team is planning to meet tomorrow at 10:30AM for about an hour to discuss our findings. 

Section 3 - Plans and Goals for the following Week:
- Unfortunately, since MOSS runs on a remote server, we may need to look into a different tool to help us find refactors
- Plan how we will store lines of code of interest for use in modules. Currently, one of my teammates is going to be using a test coverage tool that we've researched and when we meet on Tuesday, we will see how accurate this tool is
Eventually, I will be making sure these lines of code are stored in modules.
- Design how each module interacts with each other and with the system as a whole. Since we are looking at different tools currently, our next meeting will be to see how we can integrate these tools together in a way that works with our tool. I believe our entire group will have to collaborate on making sure each of the tools we are testing today can somehow fit together.
- Build abstract algorithms to determine if lines of code are refactors of each other. I am going to dive into more research on refactoring tools today, and let my team know tomorrow. If we cannot find one, we may need to try to create a refactoring algorithm ourselves.
